Scandals are useful because they focus our attention on problems in ways that no speaker or reformer ever could.

Write a response in which you discuss the extent to which you agree or disagree with the claim. In developing 
and supporting your position, be sure to address the most compelling reasons and/or examples that could be used
 to challenge your position.



     We are accustomed to scandals in our day to day life. There is a new scandal to go around everyday.But are
 theses scandals benificial is a highly debated topic. We have had times when most sincere people were proved to
 be frauds and corrupt ones are depicted as heroes. Even though speakers and reformers have brought it to our 
notice it is not enough. Scandals are a great way to gather our focus on problems that we would usually ignore.
     Over the years scandals have been more effective and informative since media is a great way to catch our 
attention. People nowadays believe anything they hear on media. People were unaware of the state at government offices
 where most officials cater to your needs only if you are generous. You know what I mean! Our world these days runs 
only on bribes from a normal pune to the highest of officials. Scandals brought this out to light. This may not have 
resulted in eradication of bribery but sure has opened many eyes to the dire state of the nation. This might be a small
 step but we do need to start somewhere.
     Though this has been greately advantageous, this power has been misused by many celebrities. As the saying goes 
"there is no such thing as negative publicity" and the celebrities make optimum use of it. They use scandals to rise
 to fame even though they might not be true most of the time.News channels are not far behind in making full use of 
these scandals, they will say anything just to raise their TRP. Scandals have the power to revolutionize the nation 
but channels these days do not portray it the way it is supposed to be. 
     People say scandals are being misused, so what if they are ? They act as eye-openers and I believe the pros 
over weigh the cons. Hence soeakers and reformers could never do what scandals are capable of doing, that is focussing 
our attention on problems that are crucial. 
